README.rst, before:

Tripoli: IIIF Document Validation
=================================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/DDMAL/tripoli.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/DDMAL/tripoli

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/DDMAL/tripoli/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/DDMAL/tripoli?branch=master

Tripoli is a validator for documents conforming to the `IIIF
presentation API 2.1 <http://iiif.io/api/presentation/2.1/>`__. It makes
it easy to validate documents, apply provider specific heuristics, and
even correct documents while they are being validated.

Documentation
-------------

Detailed documentation is available at
http://tripoli.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Installation
------------

You can install Tripoli using pip.

.. code:: bash

    > pip install tripoli

Quick start
-----------

Once installed, it's easy to start validating. Tripoli can validate the
entire document, and will log informative errors and warnings with
helpful paths.

.. code:: python

    >>> from tripoli import IIIFValidator

    >>> iv = IIIFValidator()
    >>> iv.validate(some_manifest)
        Error: Field has no '@language' key where one is required. - data['metadata']['value']
        Error: viewingHint 'pages' is not valid and not uri. - data['sequences']['canvases']['viewingHint']
        Warning: logo SHOULD be IIIF image service. - data['logo']
        Warning: manifest SHOULD have thumbnail field. - data['thumbnail']
        Warning: Unknown key 'see_also' in 'manifest' - data['see_also']
        Warning: ImageResource SHOULD have @id field. - data['sequences']['canvases']['images']['@id']

Commit message:

Specify Python 3.5+ is required in README

README.rst, after:

Tripoli: IIIF Document Validation
=================================

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/DDMAL/tripoli.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/DDMAL/tripoli

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/DDMAL/tripoli/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/DDMAL/tripoli?branch=master

Tripoli is a validator for documents conforming to the `IIIF
presentation API 2.1 <http://iiif.io/api/presentation/2.1/>`__. It makes
it easy to validate documents, apply provider specific heuristics, and
even correct documents while they are being validated.

Documentation
-------------

Detailed documentation is available at
http://tripoli.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Installation
------------

Python 3.5+ is required to run Tripoli. You can install Tripoli using pip.

.. code:: bash

    > pip install tripoli

Quick start
-----------

Once installed, it's easy to start validating. Tripoli can validate the
entire document, and will log informative errors and warnings with
helpful paths.

.. code:: python

    >>> from tripoli import IIIFValidator

    >>> iv = IIIFValidator()
    >>> iv.validate(some_manifest)
        Error: Field has no '@language' key where one is required. - data['metadata']['value']
        Error: viewingHint 'pages' is not valid and not uri. - data['sequences']['canvases']['viewingHint']
        Warning: logo SHOULD be IIIF image service. - data['logo']
        Warning: manifest SHOULD have thumbnail field. - data['thumbnail']
        Warning: Unknown key 'see_also' in 'manifest' - data['see_also']
        Warning: ImageResource SHOULD have @id field. - data['sequences']['canvases']['images']['@id']
